Update add-or-remove-members-from-groups.md (#2404)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/admin/create-groups/add-or-remove-members-from-groups.md

::: moniker-end

> [!NOTE]

> > You need to be a Global admin or a Groups admin to make changes to a group in the M365 admin center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You need to be a global admin or a groups admin to make changes to a group in the Microsoft 365 admin center.
```
